9 Blakely Way. That was the address of our home back in 1957; the year I was born. No NW, SW or Southeast just, 9 Blakely Way. We lived in a small housing project built from the 30s to the 40s which was on the outskirts of The Dalles, Oregon. It was a time of paper boys and the milkman, yes and Service Stations with .25 cent a gallon gas. Common was Mom charging groceries on a tab at the market and Dad working a couple of nights a week cleaning up the butcher shop to pay the bill. Our home phone number was 6-9414; thats right, just 5 digits, no area codes or mandatory prefixes. Looking back I can honestly say it was a simpler time. I was born the last of six children and I admit I was a bit of a mommas boy. All of the others had a time when they were the baby, but it only lasted until the next uninvited child came along, but me, I didnt have that problem. No one came after me... This meant I spent a lot of time hanging with my Mother and her other stay at home mom friends. I was a curious sort in my pre-school years and would ask questions like, Do trees have blood? I learned at a young age that there were treasures to be had if a boy would keep his eyes peeled and on the ground. It happened when I was walking the neighborhood. Something shiny caught my eye. It was a glorious silver dollar. It filled my hand out to the very edges of its span. It was embossed with stunning detail. Man, it was beautiful. I wanted to keep it for ever! ...Remembering this; from then on, when traveling by foot I always kept one eye on the ground. You never know what you might find. In my travels however the treasures seamed to be few and far between. Oh sure there were plenty of sticks, rocks and lizards to be had and I did revel in shinier, more magic ones. Sometimes my attention would be drawn to a particular stick or rock. I would pick them up and after surmising that they were of no particular worth and not possessing any magical powers. I would drop them back to the ground. As I walked away I imagined the object pleading with me not to just leave them there. The stick would reason with me that by picking it up I had gotten its hopes up. Perhaps it had dreamed of coming home with me, maybe even finding a nice cozy place in my room on the headboard of my bed or in a dresser drawer. ...Instead of being enslaved by the objects of my life, I like to think of myself as their Master. Maybe even the Lord of what I possess, heh... maybe even, like the lord of my things. Thats it! I am The Lord of My Things. No wait, try this. Lord of the Things. I like it! I am Lord of the Things. More like a Junk Whisperer, really.