Phil and I parted ways and I did some more window shopping (well I bought something, so I guess it wasn’t really window shopping), and then made my way to the Eiffel Tower. It was nearing sunset, so the crowds were pretty big and the lines extremely long, so I settled for grabbing a sandwich and just sitting and admiring the world’s most-visited monument. I don’t think I’ve ever seen so many selfies being taken at once, and yes, of course I took one too. Once the sun set, the tower was lit up and sparkled and the “awes” from all of the tourists made it a pretty special moment. After watching a street dancing show, I took the metro back to my hostel, showered, and went to bed fairly early so I could make the most of my last full day!

Saturday morning I woke up at 8am and met the two other girls in my hostel room. I forget their names (oops…..) but they were students from Brazil who study in Dublin, Ireland. How cool is that?! Dublin is definitely on my list. Then, I ate the free breakfast the hostel provided which consisted of a croissant, a bread roll, jam, coffee, and orange juice. I decided I might as well check out the Eiffel Tower again and go to the top. I got to the tower around 10:30am and the lines weren’t terrible, but I still waited one hour. But in that hour I was lucky enough to meet the sweetest girl (Sarah) from Australia and her Mother and ended up spending most of the day with them, exploring Champ-Elysees (one of the most famous streets in Paris), Laduree (a world-famous bakery and where the macaroon was invented – the date fig and sea salt caramel macaroons were delicious!), the Arc de Triomphe, and the Louvre. I didn’t actually go into the Louvre (I was over waiting in lines), but if the outside was a testament to the art inside, I’m sure it would have been amazing. (Just another excuse to go back to Paris, I guess?) Sarah and her Mom went into the museum and I made my way back to Champ-Elysees to find some sort of souvenir of Paris. My plan was to buy a cheap-ish bracelet to remind me of my time in Paris, but instead I went for a Longchamp bag. My justification? Since Longchamp is from Paris, the prices were cheaper, which meant I haaad to buy one… right?

I was supposed to go meet the Baptistes at a bar to watch the New Zealand vs. South Africa rugby game, but of course I was late due to changes in metro lines and didn’t make it in time. So I decided to treat myself to a little candle-lit dinner before heading to their place (#singlelyfe). The plan was to have a pre-drink with them and their friends and then go to a techno/electronic club, but my flight back to Madrid was at 7:40am Sunday morning, meaning I would have to be at the airport by 5:30/6am. And with this, I justified that I might as well not even go to bed. So, after throwing around the idea of taking my luggage to the club, coat-checking it, and heading straight to the airport after the club, I decided that probably wasn’t the saaaaafest idea, so around 4am I left the club, went back to the flat, napped for thirty minutes, picked up my luggage and took a cab to the airport. (who even needs sleep?)

My cab driver ended up being from Morocco and I told him how my friend and I had a trip booked to Tangier for November and he got all stoked and ended up giving me his number in case we need something while we’re there. This was such a perfect way to end my trip to Paris and is representative of all of the people I met on this trip. The people truly made the trip what it was.

Needless to say, I passed right out once I got onto the plane and slept most of Sunday when I got back home to Madrid.

Here are some pics from the trip:

Clearly, I enjoyed Paris and clearly every negative thing people told me about it didn’t hold true (for me at least). I loved it so much that I’m preeetttyyyy sure I’m going to live there at some point in my life (post-grad perhaps?). I would love to return sooner, but I’m runnin’ a bit low on money, ya know? [I’m accepting donations btw]

UP NEXT: Morocco and Budapest

Till next time!

“Paris is always a good idea” – Audrey Hepburn

