HIYA!
(FOREVER TRYING TO CATCH ONTO BRITISH SLANG)
After a whirlwind of 10 days non-stop, back-to-back traveling, I have finally made it to Cranleigh (OK these are lies. I started writing this like 2 weeks ago and have only gotten around to finishing it now…oops). Ah, Cranleigh, the self-proclaimed largest village in England with a population of 12,000 (sound familiar? heheh). It is 2 hours south of London, which means I am 1 hour north of the coast and places like Brighton, which I can’t wait to explore this summer. After a struggle of a trek on the train with my travel backpack and 70-pound suitcase from London, about an hour and a half later, I was welcomed with open arms by The Richard Onslow staff (FYI – The Richard Onslow is a pub).

After meeting everyone, I began settling into the staff house, which I share with 3 others – a married couple, Otilia and Roland, and János, all from Hungary! (Shout out to my Budapest BCOM gurls – what a time). The house is absolutely adorable, and the bonus is, I have a shared room ALL to myself. YASS. It is also only a 10-minute walk to work, which is also pretty great, especially because I’m constantly running late.

It’s been about 10 days since I’ve arrived, and 9 days since I started work (now nearly 3 weeks). I’ve worked around 70 hours and today is my second day off. Needless to say, I am tired. Thank god I didn’t start this job coming right off of jet lag, though. Although it’s been longer hours than I’m used to, the people I work with are amazing, and that makes the job so much easier and so much more enjoyable.

Since I’ve been working so much, I haven’t had much time to explore, but what I have seen on the few runs (ok, jogs that turned into walks if we’re being honest here), it is a beautiful place. It’s exactly what you would expect from a small town in the English countryside; green, rolling hills, cute little cottages (one of which I get to call home AND is called Langford… and the neighboring cottage is called Birchwood… Shout outs to my Victoria peeps!), and many outdoor patios where you can find everyone drinking post-dinner americanos and lattes (I know how to make these now!!). The weather has been up and down since my arrival; it started off raining on and off for the first 5 days or so, not exactly leaving me surprised (as I’ve always heard about stereotypical rainy UK weather), but then in the last few days the sun has decided to shine, and the shorts have come out! WEEOOO. Today it was about 26 degrees…can’t complain.

As I said work’s been great – the people, the food, the guests… except every single day at the pub I can guarantee I will get this question at least 3 times:

So, where in America are you from?

*eyeroll*

I get it. Our accents are very similar to Americans, especially coming from the West Coast. I usually proceed to tell them with a half-forced chuckle and smile “Haha, I get that a lot, but I’m actually Canadian”, and then they usually proceed to backtrack and apologize profusely for offending me. lol. I don’t take much offence from it, but it does get a little old. I’ve even had one American (Californian, to be exact) guest tell me I sound exactly like I’m from Los Angeles, California. To be fair, I don’t go around saying ‘aboot’ and discussing igloos and Tim Hortons, so I can see why it would be hard to tell the difference. Either way, it’s always a good conversation starter.

Well now that I’m nearing 3 weeks on the job and being in Cranleigh, I think it’s safe to say it’s a good fit. Especially when I get work perks like this:

Of course I have my moments of missing home, my friends, family, or even feeling a bit lonely, but that’s the beauty of technology – Mom is only a Facetime call away!

Thanks for taking the time to read all of this (or skim, at least). Hope you enjoyed! Next up: posts on my trips to Lisbon, Barcelona, Berlin, and Scotland.

