Music is like a time machine; it can bring you back to a place or a time. It can be a lullaby that your Grandmother used to sing to you to fall asleep, or it can be a teenage angst song that reminds you of your ‘rebellious’ phase in middle school. Whatever it may be, it makes you feel. Having been home from exchange for nearly 2 months now, I find myself missing Madrid and all of my adventures quite often (ok, all of the time), but what takes me back the most is when I hear a certain song. It takes me back to a fun night out with my friends who are thousands of miles away, to wandering the streets of Paris on my own. The following 5 songs are songs that remind me of specific moments and/or exchange in general:



El Taxi/El Perdón/La Gozadera
(I know this is cheating because there are 3 songs listed here but they all basically have the same significance). Some of these ones have made their way to the North American airways and I don’t mind because I get to hear them more often. These songs remind me of (very late) nights at a bar in Madrid called ‘La Chocita Sueca’ which was by far the most authentic Spanish bar I had been to in Madrid. When I listen to them, I can’t help but day dream about the countless hours I’d pretend to know how to salsa in the bar, causing my legs to be way too sore the next day. It may be just another ‘Spanish’ song to everyone else, but to me, it’s an important memory.



Hotline Bling
I’m sure everyone (including myself) is tired of hearing this song on the radio, but nevertheless, this song still holds a special place in my heart. The song’s peak came while I was on exchange and it became a running joke between me and my friends to pull ‘Drake moves’ when it came on (AKA Dad dance moves). So now when I hear it, I think back to my friends and I bustin’ our moves in the smallest, most cramped club I’ve ever been to, knowing how ridiculous we looked, and laughing our asses off.



Waiting For Love
This song became a quick exchange memory as it was played during the Orientation presentation on the very first day of school at Carlos III. The ESN (Erasmus group) was presenting a video of all of the trips and activities they plan over the semester and this was the video’s soundtrack. It’s exciting vibes made me and my fellow Canadian Kelly even more stoked to be there, and whenever we heard it afterwards, we would instantly be reminded of the beginning of exchange and of our excitement. Now when I hear it, I get a bit sad and think back to all of the good times exchange allowed me to experience.



Ai Se Eu Te Pego
This one isn’t English, nor is it Spanish. This Portuguese song was very popular in the clubs during my stay in Spain and it now takes me back to pretending to know the words and attempting to sing along with my friend Francesca. For some reason the song’s popularity faded a bit over the course of my stay, and I remember wanting so desperately for it to play every time I was out and on my last night out with my friends, among other favorites featured in this blog post, it played and I almost cried. Even as I write this blog post now, I feel myself getting emotional. Though listening to these songs makes me a little bit sad, it also makes me happy to know that when I miss exchange, I can listen to them and be transported back.



Hello
Yet another song we are all sick of. I used to absolutely LOVE this song, but then it started to be overplayed and it just became annoying. However, it reminds me of heading up to the 3rd floor in my beloved Calle de Santiago apartment building and opening up the door to at least 2 of my 7 roommates blasting the song and attempting to sing it at the top of their lungs. It reminds me of all the nights we would all end up in the kitchen cooking our dinners together and just chat about our days and other random things. They were the sweetest people and I miss them dearly. This song is a double-whammy because it also reminds me of mine and Kelly’s road trip across the beautiful country of Ireland. We rented a car with no AUX plug-in, causing us to have to buy a CD for our trip and the CD we chose was, of course, Adele’s new album ‘25’. Sigh. Take me back.



There are probably many other songs that remind me of some sort of experience while on exchange (maybe I should have included ‘Sorry’ – Jbiebs?) but these are the ones that mean the most to me. I can’t wait to listen to these songs in 5-10 years and be taken back to the most carefree and crazy 4 months of my life.

 “Lose yourself in the music”
