Yes. It’s the post you’ve all been waiting for (and by all I mean my Mom and Grandma).

 I’m fairly certain I’ve gained an addiction to both napolitana de chocolates and 10 pounds. It’s not my fault, I swear. Every day I walk to the metro for school, I have to pass this bakery called La Mallorquina that is constantly baking fresh pastries and the  aroma of fresh-out-of-the-oven baked goods literally stops thousands of people in their tracks and lures them into the shop, which it’s constantly packed (so you know it’s good). So, you see, it’s really out of my control.

fixedw_large_4x

[This is a napolitana de chocolate from La Mallorquina. It’s ok, I’m drooling too]

In all seriousness though, since arriving in Europe I’ve basically given myself a (somewhat) free pass for the four months I’m on exchange. No guilt (again, somewhat. I try to go to the gym once in awhile). When am I ever going to have another opportunity to try one of the world’s best burgers in Lagos? Or eat macaroons in the shop where they were invented? WHO KNOWS?! I don’t, so that’s why I’m eating it all. Just to be safe.

I’m going to go ahead and call this a “Food Diary”.

DISCLAIMER: If you’re not hungry now, you will be by the end of this post.

[please click the photo to read more about it!]

 the very first 'dinner' we (Kelly and I) had the very first day we got to Madrid. This was from the very touristy San Miguel Mercardo. This market has similar vibes to the Granville Island market. Beautiful place, but keep your bags close! Ahhhhh, the overpriced touristy all around below average meal. You live and learn right? (and at least it looks pretty?) This was also my first time trying Tinto de Verano, Spain's delicacy. Just kidding, it's not a delicacy but it's pretty darn good. Tostado con tomate. This is my favorite. This particular one is the little restaurant just across from our flat, and costs only 2.50 euros for the toast, coffee, and freshly squeezed orange juice. Another perk of Spain? The orange juice is ALWAYS freshly squeezed. Yes Spain, you're doing it right.
 A pretty standard chicken ceasar salad. This is at a bakery/cafe that is on Calle Mayor, the main street we walk down to get to Sol (the centre). It's a good place to go for a quality (albiet a bit overpriced) meal. O.M.G. - churros and pure melted chocolate, need I say more? Just your typical cafe con leche (coffee with milk) before a trip to Toledo. I wasn't a huge coffee drinker before coming here, but now it's a part of my daily routine.
 So, this was voted one of the "best burgers in the world" and rightfully so. This was one fo the best burgers (and best potatoes/fries) I've ever had. My friend Robyn and I split this burger and the chicken burger and I can tell you that I'd probably go back to Lagos just for the food. (And of course the breathtaking views) Munich, Germany. This was a delicious Bavarian dinner that was had during my time in Munich for Oktoberfest. This plate consisted of meat, meat, and more meat. And a pretzel. This was probably one of my favorite parts of the meal; this is a pork knuckle with a bread dumpling and some coleslaw. Shoutout to Lloyd Lin for suggesting and ordering for us!
 Best. Apple. Struddle. Ever. This is was easily one fo the best desserts I've ever had in my life. The texture of the struddle was incredible; soft and doughy but not too much. It came with a vanilla sauce and some whip cream. YUM!!!! 10/10 On my last day in Munich, I got to sightsee the city and of course I had to pick up one (or 2) soft pretzels. Before Germany, I never understood the hype around soft pretzels but W O W. They are somethin'. Also, at first I thought this was a cream cheese and chives pretzel but it turned out it was straight butter and chives....health? Also in Munich on my last day, a fresh mint tea. Probably the freshest mint tea ever. I don't ever want to make tea with a tea bag again.
 NEXT UP: Biarritz, France. After a road trip, we arrived and immediately, and appropriately, bought an array of cheeses, meat, crackers, baguettes, and wine. We feasted. How French are we? The Sunday morning in Biarritz, we decided to make a 'Canadian' breakfast; french toast with real maple syrup, and 'Canadian' bacon pieces (aka soaked in maple syrup).
 *heart eye emoji* The 'Canadian' bacon... This was actually on the same road trip, but in San Sebastian, Spain. Tapas, a Spanish regularity, consist of little individual servings of what usually consists of a topping on a piece of baguette.
 For example, this was when Karly came to visit and she got a tapa that was fried eggplant. So many different tapas to try, so little time! As I write this, I am still coming down from my Paris high. I just returned to Madrid, and I already miss it. (but more on Paris in my next blog post, stay tuned!) IMG_5161
 YUM! YUM!!!!!! (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tartiflette - if you're curious) This is a preview of my next post.... but this is the selection of gourmet baked goods at Laduree in Paris, a famous bakery who created the macaroon. Needless to say (but I'll say it anyway), I bought 4 macaroons; sea salt caramel, vanilla, date fig, and strawberry marshmallow. And a raspberry pastry of some sort. Prices? Let's just say you don't want to know. It was 100% worth it, though.
\

 Well, thank you for sticking with me through all of the food and I hope you enjoyed the glimpse into what I’ve been eating for the past two months. Till next time!

“Calories don’t count on exchange”

