Aaaaaand 8 months later, I’ve finished my first UK chapter.

May 15th, I moved my life over to a little English village called Cranleigh in the South of Surrey. I knew nothing about the area, and I knew no one. I showed up with a 70-pound suitcase and was hoping for the best. Little did I know that I was about to meet some people who would become my best friends, and that I was about to embark on the most fun (and exhausting) 7 months of my life.

After working at Game On in Merritt for 8 months prior to moving to the UK, I swore I was done with hospitality (I think that everyone should work as a server at least once in their life, even if just for a week – you’ll learn a lot about humans). Then in a desperate moment to leave home, came this opportunity to work in the UK, but the catch was I would be working (and living!) at a pub (LUCKILY, I ended up in a staff cottage 10 minutes away from the actual pub tho lol). So, another 8 months of hospitality. Not ideal, but I wouldn’t trade it for the world. It allowed me to meet an amazing group of people, get to know the regulars and people from around town, learn more about the food and beverage industry (wine tastings ftw), as well as gain a better understanding of myself. I’ve also learned though, that I shouldn’t work in a job where I’m at work until 2am and where being hangry can’t be easily fixed because you’re in the middle of service (for my own sake, but mostly for the sake of anyone who crosses my path during these times – seriously, I don’t know how my co-workers still like me). Then, there’s the customers – like I said, everybody should experience being a server at least once in their lives to truly understand how shitty people can be. BUT not all are shitty – to be fair, the majority of people are good, sweet, and quite lovely, but there’s always that ONE guest or that ONE table who just ruins your views on humanity. Ladies, if you’re on a date and your man is rude to a server, GET OUT. Anyway, all I’m saying is that this experience in hospitality has made me realize that although I love interacting with and meeting new people, maaaaybeeeeee I don’t love doing it for a living, especially when it involves serving them food.

Still, I’m still so grateful for my time at the Richard Onslow. I think I was pretty lucky in that I was welcomed so warmly by my co-workers, and though it took a few weeks to fully adjust to my new environment, they have all become my UK family. It really could have gone either way – I could’ve been thrown into a staff full of petty people who love drama (as many workplaces in hospitality are), or I could’ve been thrown into a group of people who just want to have a good time, enjoy each other’s company, and bond by bitching about annoying guests. And thank god it was the latter.

I’m not gonna lie, I’m very sad about leaving, but it’s time to put that Bachelor of Commerce undergraduate degree to work, eh Mom and Dad? So, I fly back to Canada for a week for Christmas, and then my parents and I are taking 2 weeks to just

c h i l l o u t

together in Hawaii, our favourite vacation spot. *hallelujah* And once I return to the UK from Hawaii in the New Year, I’ll be moving to London and pursuing a job that will (hopefully) be more career-related.

2017 has been a very interesting one; I lived back in my hometown for much longer than I ever thought I would. I left. I moved abroad, alone. I finally got to travel Europe with my best friend Sam, after years of wanting to make it happen. I met some amazing people in each place I went to. I’ve travelled to 7 countries. I started to properly date. I had a relationship. I met up with friends from home in unfamiliar places. I reunited with friends whom I haven’t seen in ages. I made new friends. I tried escargot for the first time. I made a surprise visit home. I revisited Madrid with some faves. I realized I can’t drink like I used to. And, most importantly, I realized how lucky I am to have the people I do in my life.

Living so far away from friends and family can be hard. It sucks watching your friends hang out and have a blast, knowing that you’ll probably see them for dinner maybe once or twice every 6 months, but it’s also made the times I spend with them that much more special. I love doing my own thing out here and living life, but I also love coming home to my loved ones. The love and support that everyone’s shown me since I decided to move has been amazing and knowing that they’re all there waiting for me when I come home makes me so happy.

It has been a whirlwind of a year. It’s crazy to think that if you had asked me in January what I would be doing for the rest of the year, I would have absolutely no clue of what was to come. Life’s funny and unpredictable like that, I guess, and I can’t wait to see what 2018 brings.

h a p p y h o l i d a y s !
