note: I began writing this post last November and finally got around to finishing and publishing it now, October 24th, 2016.



Ireland was everything I imagined it would be, and more. With picturesque views at every turn, the friendliest people you will ever meet and the best beer you’ve ever tasted, it was the perfect last trip of exchange. I first became intrigued by the country after watching P.S. I Love You (like every other girl in the world) and knew that while I’m on exchange it was somewhere I needed to go. Luckily, Kelly had a friend who was going to med school there, which gave us a great excuse to book a trip. So one day in the cafeteria at school, we researched some flights on skyscanner (best site for cheap flights if you’re lookin!), found a relatively cheap one, and booked it. Gotta love the spontaneity of exchange life. In about a month, we were heading to the land of the Irish!

We packed our bags (last minute, of course) and took off for the airport for our 5:25PM flight to Dublin. We arrived at the airport, went through customs, where the officer asked us if this was our first time in the country. We responded “yes! we’ve heard so many great things about Ireland!” and he responded with “ha! well you might be disappointed,”lol oh ok. But of course, we were the opposite of disappointed.

We took the aircoach to the city centre and were absolutely starving. Naturally, we got sushi (#CULTURE). After dinner we headed to our hostel, which was called “Isaacs Hostel”, which was ADORABLE. It had a very chill, ski lodge type of vibe and the most exciting part was it was Kelly’s first hostel experience. We shared a 6 bed dorm with 4 other girls. 2 were from Australia and were traveling for 8 weeks or so and we didn’t meet the other 2. After a few Irish ciders, we made our way to the “Temple Bar” district which is essentially the Gastown of Dublin. For some reason we ended up at a bar that was holding an Ugly Christmas Sweater office party and after a beer, we decided it wasn’t for us. We ended up at another random Irish bar, that, thankfully, wasn’t holding an awkward office party, and met some pretty interesting people.

First, this very mature-looking and very put-together dude, who turned out to be painfully boring, began chatting with us. Thankfully, this other, much more lively Irish guy came up and we got to talking. Being almost a year later, I can’t remember what about exactly, but what I DO remember is him trying to rap a Drake song for me (I think it was because I’m Canadian??). Next thing I knew, I was in a different part of the bar with this guy and his friend, and he points out some blonde 40-something who turned out to be a former Irish boy-bander. From what my new Irish friend told me, his band, Westlife, was equivalent to One Direction back in the day, which was pretty impressive. I almost went and asked for a picture but instead went to check on Kelly, who I realized I had left with the boring guy for HOURS…ooooops. The night ended with greasy pizza on a Dublin doorstep, as it should have.

The next day, we did a bit of exploring around Dublin – we started the day on a tour offered by our hostel, but about 5 minutes and 3 blocks in, we ditched. We found a cute little breakfast place then we went and saw Trinity college, the Guinness Brewery, and did some window shopping. Later that day we went to pick up our rental car that we drove to Galway, where Kelly’s friend, Raquel, was in med school. The road trip started out with a good lol at how the steering wheel was on the opposite side than what we’re used to, and ended with an even bigger lol about how we OF COURSE ended up driving about an hour in the wrong direction. Typical. So after we turned around and finally arrived in Galway at our hostel, and we met up with Raquel who took us to some amazingly charming and overly crowded Irish bars. She also took us to the best pizza place I’ve ever been to. I’m not even exaggerating – the tomato pesto pizza was UN. REAL. What I wouldn’t give for a slice of that rn…

The next day we got ready to set off on our adventure to see the iconic Cliffs of Moher. After a few hours of unclear directions and about a thousand roundabouts, we reached the cliffs. It was nearing sunset, and the winds were strong, but it turned out to be the most beautiful and perfect time to see them. We snapped some pics, marveled at the incredible view, and then we were on our way back to Galway. The drive offered some of the most beautiful countryside I have ever seen. It was what I had expected, but 100x better. That night we ate some dinner at a pub and then checked out a couple Christmas markets and some ‘Oktoberfest’-type tents where we met some of Raquel’s friends. All I can say about the Christmas markets in Europe is DAT MULLED WINE DOE.

The next morning we woke up and went for brunch with Raquel at the cutest little brunch place I ever did see, and then we set off for our drive back to Dublin. Unfortunately our rental car didn’t have an AUX input (?!?!), so we stopped at a local shop and picked up Adele’s new album. Needless to say we BLASTED it all the way back to Dublin. Now I can’t listen to ‘Hello’ and NOT be immediately transported back to cruising down the highway with Kell, singing (poorly), laughing, and loving every second of it.

So there you have it. This was my little taste of Ireland and I couldn’t have asked for better company to experience it with.

(PS – S/O to Kell for being such a champ and putting up with me on this trip, luv u long time)

