Tomorrow, it will have been exactly a month since I moved to Cranleigh.

Wait, what?

I can’t believe it’s already been a month, but at the same time I’ve become so comfortable in my job at the Onslow and so happy with my life in this village that it feels like I’ve been here forever. The hours remain long but as always, the people (colleagues and guests) ease the pain of getting home from work at 12:30AM after a 10 hour shift.

A month ago, I was just coming down from my travel high. One of my best friends Sam and I managed to explore 4 different places, spanning over 4 different countries in just 10 days. We set off on May 2nd from Vancouver (of course I had one last bag of All Dressed chips and a Tims drink before I boarded the plane) and landed in London on the 3rd. Though we were exhausted from the jet lag, we checked into our hostel near Kings Cross, refreshed ourselves, met an Aussie named Devan, ate some food, took a couple shots of espresso, and set out to do a bit of adventuring with said Aussie with the few hours we had in London. Within 4 hours or so, we managed to walk the streets to Trafalgar Square, Big Ben, the London Eye, and ended up at some random art festival where we drank some Desperados (my favourite beer EVER. It’s tequila infused…how could you not?!), and finally got some McDonalds to end the night.

The next morning was hectic to say the least. I was leaving my 70 pound suitcase at the hostel during our 10 day excursion, and 10 minutes before we left I realized the luggage storage room door didn’t lock…and I didn’t have a lock on my suitcase. And I had 5 minutes to get things sorted before we had to catch the bus to the airport. Perfect. Basically I had to leave my suitcase unlocked and half zipped with shoes falling out of it. Luckily, when I returned to the hostel, everything was there, untouched. Since then I’ve vowed to be a more responsible and organized person.

I’m going to keep these recaps short and sweet, as I’m sure y’all don’t want to read a play-by-play.

