So idk about you, but I remember my college days…

Specifically, I remember talking to adults, (well, adultier adults) about how great it is… you’d always see their faces look up, smiling, as if they’re picturing those fond memories right before their eyes… snapping back out of it, they turn to you and say “please enjoy your college days, they'll be gone before you know it.” Almost like they're asking you for a favor.

And I always took those comments to heart. More often than not, I’d look around while walking to class, or when surrounded with my friends/roommates *partying instead of studying*…. I’d think to myself, well I am enjoying it… I know how special these times are and I’m not going to take it for granted… and I didn’t, I loved it.

Well, 4 years have passed and I still have the same mentality… and I’m actually quite proud of myself for that. I wake up every day with this innate passion to better who I am as a person in every aspect of my life. I try to consume my days with thoughts, activities, and people that enrich who I am… I go out of my way to make the most of every.single.day and I want to have fun in the process. I’m a professional carpe diem’er, if you will. ;)

Oddly enough, this can be a double-edged sword. Sometimes I put so much pressure on doing things right and making the most of my life that I can get overwhelmed… back in the college days, you have what seems to be a lifetime ahead of you to get your life sorted…

Your mid-late twenties on the other hand, is when sh*t gets real

Now, it’s really about making the most of your time and becoming who you’re meant to be. You become a juggler- you’re finding yourself, your LIFE PARTNER (nbd), a career, financial stability, eliminating + adding the right people in your life, dodging curveballs from every direction… and is it just me or is someone leaning on the fast forward button!? Seriously, time is FLYING. It’s April, didn’t we just celebrate NYE!? I’m 26… TWO-SIX, I swear I was 22 last month.

There are days when I feel like a boss and nothing can stop me, and others I’m walking around in circles, stressed and utterly overwhelmed for no good reason. You know those days when you just get SO in your head, and your mind is running a mill miles a minute about everything under the sun? That was me yesterday…

So at the end of the day, I poured myself a hefty glass of Cab and hopped in bed… I was going through Pinterest looking at diff inspirational boards, because that’s just what girls do (I swear we don’t have our weddings planned out on private boards)… I started to unwind.

I mean wow, the internet is FULL of posts on what we should and shouldn’t be doing in our twenties. I was reading blog post after blog post, and one in particular stood out to me: “Advice I Wish I Put Into Practice In My Twenties” I usually love these kinds of posts, I’m all about learning from the “wiser”.
