I’m currently sitting in an abandoned classroom on campus of my university, preparing for a presentation that I am too tired to think about. The fall weather outside is getting chilly and I’m ready to curl up in my bed with my duvet. It all sounds very normal, but it’s actually the opposite. I’m in Madrid, Spain.

Exchange, for me, began August 23rd when I flew out of Vancouver International Airport with Kelly, someone I had only met a few times before and began my journey. We made a stop in Dallas, Texas, and attempted to sleep on our 9 hour flight to Madrid (we didn’t). Finally we arrived at 8am on a Sunday. We stepped out of our cab onto the uneven cobblestone to find our new flat, and realized the streets were completely empty and silent. What we hadn’t realized was that the Spanish don’t start their day until at least 10am if they can help it (something we were definitely okay with for the next week, considering our jet lag). The following week consisted of getting lost exploring the busy streets of our new home, and shopping. Lots. And lots. And lots of shopping. I mean, with some of the best shopping in the world, how can you not? We also had our fair share of overpriced tourist-y food that we now know to stay clear of. It was a perfect way to get acquainted with both the city, and each other.

We began our intensive Spanish language course shortly after and that’s where we met all of our wonderful friends. The best part about being an exchange student is being part of such a diverse community of students from all over the world. Somehow we have managed to find the sweetest ones (Shoutout to the Italians and Niklas!). It’s truly amazing how fast genuine friendships can form. Anyway, considering we only had the one class 4 hours a day, we had 20 more hours to spend getting up to no good! We began dipping our toes in the Tapas culture of Spain (essentially appetizers, but a bunch of appetizers that make up your meal), and diving head first into the Tinto de Verano craze (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tinto_de_verano – for people back home, this is basically my new Barefoot Moscato. You can’t beat 1 euro for a litre). Between peaceful afternoons at Retiro Park, more shopping, and pretending to know how to dance at Spanish bars, I fell in love.
