Ever since I was little, I’ve wanted to go to Paris. Something about it seemed so magical.

I’ve heard many different opinions of the city, some good, some not so good. I heard things like “the people are rude” and that the streets are “dirty”, but I had to see for myself.

So, last Saturday I booked a last minute trip to Paris. Thursday afternoon to Sunday early morning. I desperately tried to find someone to come with me, but being so last minute, nothing really worked out. So, Thursday at 12pm I took off on my own. Almost missing the flight, of course. [note to self: don’t arrive at the gate five minutes before scheduled take off]

After the quick two hour flight [another note to self: eat before the plane because they’re probably gonna run out of sandwiches], I was in Paris! Finding directions to meet the boyfriend of my friend, who’s flat I was staying at, was quite easy. However, it turns out I took a ‘fake taxi’ which wasn’t unsafe, but that acts as a taxi when really it’s not legitimate… oops. Despite that, I got to where I needed to go! My friend’s boyfriend, Baptiste, gave me the key and directions to his apartment that should have taken 20 minutes max to get to, but being me, I found it about 1.5 hours later. Usually that would be a huge waste of time, but being in a new city, especially this one, I actually didn’t mind. Exploring the unfamiliar streets and getting a feel for the city’s atmosphere was quite enjoyable (despite lugging around my suitcase and sweating like crazy with all of the layers I was told I needed…apparently the cold spell was over and my blanket scarf was not needed). The flat was very charming and after settling in, dropping off my bags and changing into fresh clothes, I took a selfie, found a cafe (with wifi of course – gotta get that instagram!), drank the smallest coffee I’ve ever seen, ate a pain chocolat (chocolate croissant, essentially) and wandered the neighborhood. It turns out that Paris is split into 20 different arrondissements (neighborhoods) and I was staying in the 14th.

That night, Baptiste and his roommate, who is also named Baptiste (lol), returned from work and were kind enough to cook me a “Tartiflette” which is a traditional French dish, along with some leeks, and of course some wine [which can be seen in my last post!]. It was delicious.

Friday was my first full day. I started the day with blasting ‘N****s in Paris’ – Kanye West and Jay-Z (appropriate, no?) while getting ready and then took the metro (which was surprisingly easy to use) to Sacre Coeur, the 18th arrondissement of Paris, where my hostel for the night would be. I got off the metro, bought myself a banana and nutella crepe for breakfast, and proceeded to take another 1.5 hours to find my hostel. I had walked past it twice, without realizing, and even ended up taking a taxi for less than a kilometer, because I was so fed up. You know that feeling when you’re over the ‘fun’ of being lost and really just want to find what you’re looking for? Yeah, I felt that big time.

After dropping off my luggage and settling into the hostel, I was late meeting a friend (Phil) for lunch (typical). Luckily, it was easy enough to find the train station we were meeting at, and we went for a delicious, and my first ever, falafel! (at least I think it was a falafel…) Phil then showed me around the 4th arrondissement, which had amazing little shops and boutiques and is known as the Jewish and gay neighborhood. After some window shopping, we grabbed some beers (public drinking is legal in Paris?!?! who knew!) and sat by the river by the Notre-Dame cathedral. I marveled at the beautiful architecture of the buildings while enjoying a Desparado and listening to The Weeknd. A pretty perfect afternoon, I’d say.
