Tip #1: Wake up EARLY

Most people in Spain, and Madrid in particular, tend to start their day much later than we Canadians are used to, which is a great thing for those who want to get an early start on their shopping! Since stores generally don’t open until about 10am, I would recommend waking up around 8:30/9am (depending on how long it takes you to get ready for the day), grab some breakfast at a cute cafe (I would recommend the chain Uvepan – there’s one on Calle Mayor!), and head to the shops!

Tip #2: Start in Sol

Sol is the very centre of Madrid, and with that, it connects to every possible neighborhood and therefore every possible shopping district. Depending on what you’re looking for, there are more than a few options. If you’re looking for big department store and chain store shopping head North up Calle Preciados where you’ll run into Zara, Bershka, Mango, El Cortes Ingles, Foot Locker, hundreds (ok maybe not hundreds…) of shoe stores, and even Lush! After that, keep heading North to Gran Via, which is one long street with every big (somewhat affordable) fashion brand there is. This is where you’ll find the very hyped up 4 story Primark store (purses for 10 euros and shoes for 15 euros? yes PLEASE!), H&M, yet another Zara, Nike, The Body Shop, etc. However, if you’re looking for a more boutique-esque shopping experience, you’d do better heading past Gran via over to Fuencarrel which still has some popular brand names, but a lot more specialty shops such as Ese o Ese, Brandy Melville, and more that I can’t seem to remember right now…Or from Sol, you can head towards Plaza de Santa Ana. There are the cutest little shops there to explore. Finally, if you’re ballin’ out the cash, then I would suggest heading over to the neighbourhood of Salamanca, which has all of the high-end designer brands (hello, Chanel).

Tip #3: Pack snacks + water

Not kidding. Think about it, thousands of people to push through to get that perfect pair of shoes…it really takes it out of you. Gotta refuel!

Night out on the town in the town that never sleeps (seriously though)
Got your party pants on? Well look no further than Madrid for an unbelievable night! There are many many options, whether you like a quiet dinner out and a couple drinks, a cool bar scene with a bit of Spanish dancing, or a crazy club night, there’s something for you.

Quiet dinner and a couple drinks:

There are literally hundreds of options for you, but bad news. You probably won’t have a *quiet* night, no matter how hard you try. Yeah, you won’t be forced into a bar, but there’s always a pretty exciting buzz in the air here in Madrid that you can’t ever truly escape. BUT if you really seek that quiet night, I would suggest choosing one of the outside restaurants by the Palacio Real. Incredible views of the palace and the gardens…what else could you want?

Cool bar scene with a bit of Spanish dancing:

One word. MALASANA. This is definitely the best neighborhood to find a funky little bar where you can dance the night away. This is the more “hip” part of town. If I were to suggest any bar, it would be La Chocita Sueca. I once spent about 6 hours there pretending I knew how to dance to Spanish music. It was probably one of the best nights of exchange (and a great workout). AND drinks were dirt cheap. About 2 euros each beer/shot. Can’t go wrong!

Crazy club night:

If you’re into the club scene, well, Madrid is the perfect place. There’s a huge variety of clubs with very different vibes. You have Joy, Le Boutique, Gabana, and, of course, the celebrated Kapital. The difference between all the other clubs and Kapital is that they’re not 7 stories high and they usually don’t cost 17 euros to get in. Yes, you read that right. 17 euros. I mean, it includes a drink, but that’s still a fairly hefty price for a student to pay just for cover. However, if you’re truly here for the party then I would highly suggest dishing out the 17 euros and seeing what the 7 floors have to offer. Each floor has a different genre of music (for example: there’s an American/top 50 floor, Spanish floor, etc.) and there’s even a rooftop lounge complete with a place to buy freshly made pizza… Kapital, you’re doing it right.

So, there you have it! Those are my six tips for the wonderful city of Madrid.

Hope they can be of use to at least one or two of you.

“A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions” – Oliver W. Holmes Jr
