So, this more visual post may have been born out of pure laziness. Or it may have been to spare you all of the reading. We’ll never know (jokes, I’m just lazy). Either way, I finally made a trip back to one of my favourite cities in the world: Paris. My friend Carson from university is currently on a two-month Euro trip and since Europe is only a cheap Easy Jet flight away HELLO of course I was going to meet up with him at some point, and Paris was the obvious choice. My manager so graciously gave me 5 days off with about a week notice and I was good to go. I spent four nights, five days and we managed to see a lot (and spend a lot oops). Alors, allons-y!

June 19th: I packed my backpack in the morning and was off to Gatwick for my evening flight to Pariiiiis. Fun fact: this was the last time I wore these rings – during the hecticness of security, I took them off, put them in a bin and forgot them in there.. very sad times.

11PM: My flight was delayed about an hour and a half, so I arrived to my hostel around 10pm or so. After a quite frankly, very sweaty travel into the city, I checked in, showered, and went to a restaurant opposite the hostel and had a plate of fries with a glass of Sauvignon Blanc. Then I went back to the hostel and went to bed. Perfect.

June 20th: Carson arrived to the hostel after midnight, so we met up in the morning (yay!!) and decided to set off towards the Louvre and find some breakfast. We found the most Paris-y Paris cafe where we ate some delicious crêpes and I paid 6 euros for a freakin’ bottle of still Evian water. At that point though, I didn’t even care (keep in mind this trip was dead set in the middle of the heatwave that hit Europe). Worth it (but not really lol).

11AM(ish): We then made our way to the Louvre. We had both been here before, but it’s such a beautiful, interesting place that we weren’t going to pass up seeing it again. This place is a gold mind for the ~perfect instagram~, and for some reason we thought the best type of photo to take was to stand on this podium. Why? No clue. Still laughing about it. #CouplePhotoGoals

Mid-day: After the Louvre, we took off for the Arc de Triomphe and Champ-Élysées and we stood in line for a good 15 minutes in the middle of a very busy street to take some photos. Also, this became Carson’s signature pose. Majestic.

Afternoon: After a nice stroll down Champ-Élysées (and getting lost in Louis Vuitton), we took our Ladurée macarons (which got crushed in Carson’s backpack) to one of my favourite places in the city, the Eiffel Tower. We sat on the grass, listened to music, witnessed the worst drum player ever, people watched, marvelled at the tower, and ate the crushed macarons. Pretty ideal.

Later-Afternoon: We metro-ed to Notre Dame, only to see this mile long queue to get in (it’s free entry, so understandable), so we decided we would come back in a couple days.

June 21st: DISNEYLAND PARIS BABY! This was something I really wanted to do this trip, much to Carson’s (and his wallet’s) dismay. And although it was probably the hottest and  most humid day of the trip, we had a blast. We realized quite quickly that we probably could have strategized getting the fast passes much better and made our time as efficient as possible but we managed to ride all of the rides we wanted and I finally rode the Hollywood Tower of Terror (something I had been terrified of as a child). I also forgot how much fun roller coasters are (see photo below). Only true downside of the day? We missed Mickey’s magic show by 1 minute.

June 22nd: This day we decided to explore the more local and quaint areas of the city, such as the Jewish Quarter, the Latin Quarter, and Montmatre. The Jewish Quarter has some of the best boutiques (perfect window shopping, but let’s be real, do I ever window shop?) and the best Falafels (although I didn’t get one this trip) and has become one of my favourite little areas. The Latin Quarter was pretty neat – we went to the national Picasso museum, which was amazing. Finally we made our way to Montmatre, which sits on a higher point of the city offering an incredible view.

June 23rd: This was my last day in Paris, as my flight back to England was that night at 8pm. We went to the Saint-Chapelle, which had beautiful stained-glass windows, with each set of windows depicting stories from the bible. Afterwards we found a cute little Italian restaurant where we had our last meal together </3 and then parted ways as Carson wanted to go check out the Pantheon and I wanted to do some shopping (lol). I did end up finding a ring to replace one of the ones I lost on the way there, though! After shopping I metro-ed back to the hostel, picked up my bag and trained to the airport (where I almost missed my flight because I was sitting in the wrong gate…….typical).

Overall, it was an amazing trip in one of my favourite places with great company. Can’t ask for much more. A bientôt, Paris!

