We met up with some family friends, Mike and Cindy, and Courtney and Sean, and we had a perfect two weeks. Some of the highlights would definitely include:

Quality time with the fam
Going to the Sentry Tournament of Champions golf tournament with my Dad
Meeting Rickie Fowler and Jordan Speith at above golf tournament (!!!! golf nerd)
Early-morning runs to the beach to catch sunrise by the ocean
Concert at Fleetwood’s on Front Street
Moped-ing along the coast to the Nakalele Blowhole at the north of the island
Getting tanned af
I won’t bore you with going into detail about each highlight, but we made some fun memories and enjoyed each other’s company (for the most part…you know how family holidays can go…). Overall, an amazing trip.

We flew back to Vancouver the 13th, and the evening of the 14th, I was off on a red-eye back to London. PHEW. I don’t think my life’s ever been as hectic as it’s been lately. I wouldn’t change a thing though. Well, maybe the time difference. I could really do without the jet lag. The. Worst. One second you’re exhausted and ready to pass right out and then the next, you’re wide awake all night. Lovely.

Anyway, as all my friends and family could tell you, I have been stresssssingggg about being both jobless and homeless upon my return to the UK. I haven’t ever left a job without having another one to go to, nor have I ever moved anywhere without a home lined up first. But, that’s what our 20’s are for, right? Taking risks?

So, my first stop was back to Cranleigh after a long 9 hour flight to visit with everyone and pick up a few things that I left behind (I still have 2 large suitcases and a couple tote bags left there…), then I made my way to London the next evening and have been staying at an Air Bnb. My plan was to have a place locked down this week, which seemed highly unlikely, but as of today… I NOW HAVE A HOME!!!!! I am so happy and fortunate that I was able to land a place on my first day in the city. I am renting a room in a flat with another girl around my age, with the owners who are an older French couple. I am very excited that I get the opportunity to practice my French and hopefully get it back up to the level of fluency it used to be at. It’s in a great location, and I couldn’t be happier.

Now, I just need a job. Keep your fingers crossed for me. Cheers to 2018; New cities, and new experiences.
