I’ve been meaning to write this post since my birthday in February – and if we’re being honest, I’ve been meaning to write a blog post since last November but got too caught up in the wild Merritt life, yknow? (*sarcasm*)

22 was truly one of my most significant ages in the sense that I didn’t just grow up, I grew more into myself. I became more confident, comfortable, and overall more happy. This has a lot to do with the people that I surrounded myself with, and the things I did. For the majority of the year I was living in Victoria and I had an incredible group of friends during my last 8 months on the island. I made some amazing, lasting memories, and I even graduated university (!!!!!!!). Now, at 23, with some great accomplishments and pretty cool life experiences, I’ve been, in the words of Kylie Jenner, “like, realizing stuff”. This is the stuff I’ve realized in my 23 years:

not everyone has to like you
when it comes to friendship, it’s quality > quantity
don’t forget about the ones who truly care about you
don’t take people for granted
comparing yourself to others will never do you any good
take your vitamins (even if they’re gummy)
let go of people who have let go of you
stop buying trendy clothes and invest in quality, timeless pieces (aritzia where u at)
appreciate shoes and what they can do for an outfit
university really is the best time of your life, but those 4 years go by fast – enjoy and cherish them
go out. even if you don’t feel like it, you’ll make more memories than staying in and Netflix-ing
…but, it’s okay to stay in and Netflix sometimes
you don’t need to please everybody (and you won’t)
you can accomplish more than you think
don’t let others tell you what you need
life will go on
tell the people you love that you love them any chance you get
what’s meant to be will be (don’t force things)
2-3 tequila shots a night is more than enough
trust your gut
don’t go searching for happiness, create happiness (original, I know)
you’re not better than anyone else
book the flight
So, there ya have it. Things I’ve realized.

Oh yeah, by the way, about #23… I recently got approved for a 2-year UK Work Visa and booked a flight to London for May 2nd. This is the official revival of Trips With Nic and I couldn’t be more excited for the adventures to come. Stay tuned. k ttyl, BYE!!!!!

