Helloo, everybody! It’s been awhile.

The 15th of this month marked my 3rd full month living in Cranleigh/the UK, which I can’t believe. Partly because it doesn’t feel like I’ve been here that long, and partly because it feels like I’ve been here a lifetime (in the best way possible). Over these past three-ish months, I’ve learned more about myself, seen some incredible places, met some amazing people who I know will be in my life for a long long time, and basically just lived life how I want. It’s been pretty liberating to be so far away from home and, essentially, have a fresh start. Not that I needed one, per say, but it’s always nice to experience something completely new and unknown, especially on my own. I’ve had so many people tell me how they don’t think they could ever move to another country alone and start a whole new life, but I don’t agree one bit. While it may be hard, and may be harder for some (relationships, steady jobs, etc. etc.,) to just pack up and leave, I think it’s honestly the best decision you could make and anyone can do it. It may be scary at first, but why not?! Why not take advantage of being Canadian and get a working holiday visa from your pick of at least 20 different countries? Why not take advantage of being young, and commitment free? I realize I’m only three months into my journey and I don’t exactly have the right to preach about it, but I truly think that living in a different country is something everyone should experience at least once. Opening our minds, learning new cultures, meeting different types of people, trying new foods – it’s really the best education out there. Not that the UK is that different from Canada, but you know what I’m saying.

Anyway, enough of my little you-should-live-in-a-different-country rant (DO IT). Life is great! I just got back from an amaaaazing trip to Amsterdam in the Netherlands, which I fell in love with. I didn’t want to come home. Karley, who I travelled there with, and I kept saying how we’re going to move there. I know I say that about every place I go, but how can you resist the beautiful canals and chill vibes the city has to offer?! I can’t! So I’ll just add it to the very long list of places I want to live eventually.

Work’s been good. I mean, not much has changed, pub work is pub work, but as always, the people make the job and I love my co-workers. Some days I get a bit bored of the repetitive nature of the job, but for the most part I’m still enjoying meeting new people everyday, as well as saying hi to many regulars who I now know by name. Still forever in love with Cranleigh and the English countryside. The original plan was to live in London after this, but now that I’ve lived in the beautiful and peaceful Surrey/South of England, I don’t know if I want to leave. And of course, there are the relationships and friendships I’ve built here who have become such a big part of my life who would make it hard for me to leave. Where to go next has been a constant thought lately and the fact that I’m not a very decisive person doesn’t help. We’ll just have to see what happens, I guess.

On another note, there are some funny coincidences about where I live that I thought I’d share:

Cranleigh is located in the county of Surrey, which is the COMPLETE opposite of the Surrey us British Columbians know. It’s actually a very posh, very wealthy area to live in.
The nearest city to me is called Guildford, which is the name of the mall in Surrey, BC. (This makes it a bitch when I try to google something here, like restaurants in guildford, because google automatically sends me restaurants near the mall in BC lol)
I live in a house called Langford, which is a city near to Victoria on the island.
The house beside me is called Birchwood, which is the street that I lived on during my last 8 months of Uni in Victoria.
I’m told it’s like that because us “Canadians steal everything from the British”. Whatever.

While I’m having the time of my life, being so far away from home obviously comes with its woes. I have my moments of missing things and people, so here’s a list (in no particular order):

Tim Hortons

Grandma

Big mountains

Mom and Dad

Real Maple Syrup

My car/driving

Cars driving on the right side of the road

Friends

ARITZIA

Girlfriends (I swear, all my friends are guys)

Hey Y’alls

ACTUAL summer weather (sun where u atttt)

My queen-sized bed

Nightlife in Vic/Van (sorry Merritt, the Coldwater doesn’t make the cut)

All-Dressed Chips

Garden Sushi

Vancouver Island air

Hiking (could still do here, but not quite the same)

Swedish Fish/Berries



And although I miss all of these things and people (and food), I’m still not moving back any time soon. SORRY MOM.

If anyone feels the need to send me some of these things in a care package, though, please don’t hesitate. I take a size medium at Aritzia.

Thanks for reading. Till next time.

