For those of you who have traveled, I’m sure you’ve been thrown into one of those boring, albeit knowledgeable, tours of whichever city you were visiting. You know, the ones where there’s about 50 of you squished together trying to hear what your tour guide who’s holding a flag guiding you to the next location is saying, while that one guy goes “MOOOOOO”. Don’t get me wrong, sometimes those types of tours are great ways to see a new city and learn about it’s culture and landmarks, however I personally believe that the best (and most authentic) way to get to know a city is by being shown around by a local. I realize that there isn’t always that option while traveling, but if there happens to be a friend of a friend of a friend living where you’re planning a trip, call them up! If they’re given enough heads up, I’ve found that people are usually more than happy to show you around their home (and maybe you’ll score some free accommodation while you’re at it!).

Having lived in Madrid for nearly two and a half months now, I think that I have a pretty useful set of tips to offer anyone who’s planning on visiting the exciting city. So here they are!

Walking is the best way to get around.
Yeah, I know. Ugh. Walking. But seriously, if you want to make the most of your trip here in Madrid, you might as well see as much of it as you can, and despite what most people think, everything is (usually) within walking distance, and HEY. Walking’s free!!!! So save your metro/taxi/uber (#trendy)/segway money and spend it on more important things. Like food.

Speaking of food, AVOID TOURIST TRAPS.
This goes for any city; if you find that you’re in an overpopulated area with tons of people taking pictures of anything and everything, you’re probably going to pay a huuge premium for a mediocre meal (we don’t want no mediocre, amirite?). So, research! Research “the best restaurants in Madrid” on Google and browse ‘Yelp’. The best part about Yelp is that it’s real-life people who have actually tried the food and gave it their honest opinion. As they say, word of mouth is the best advertising. However, while you’re here, you might as well try the popular ‘Museo del Jamon’ (1 euro beers and 1 euro sandwiches, HELLO) and Chocolatería San Gines (the best churros and melted chocolate you will ever consume).

If you’re planning to do museums, do the Museo Del Prado and pay for the audio tour.
I’m sure if you’re a seasoned museum-goer you know this, but this is probably maybe the 8th? museum I’ve been to in my life. I’m not an art buff and I definitely couldn’t tell you why that Picasso painting looks the way it does, but the audio tour can! If you love museums (or are looking for something low-key after a late night out), then the Prado is the place for you. It’s a beautiful place from the inside, out. While my friend Kaila was visiting Madrid, we took an afternoon to explore the Prado and pretend we were cultured (lol), and walking in, we debated whether we should get the audio tour guide. Thank GOD we had. I learned so much and got so much out of the visit this way, and I highly suggest you do it as well! (PS if you’re a student, you get in free…I didn’t know that so I paid the 14 euros. Learn from me!)

Myth: There is no nature/hiking/outdoors adventures in Madrid.
This myth is completely FALSE. Being a Canadian, and even more so, being a British Columbian, it’s hard to not consider myself a nature lover and living in a city so filled with tourists, locals, and just PEOPLE, well it’s taken a bit of a toll on my mental and emotional health (I mean not really, but you know). Back home I’m used to doing hikes outdoors (shout out to Mt. Doug!) most days of the week, so living here in a city with minimal nature and maximum people, I needed to find somewhere to clear my head. I googled ‘hiking in madrid’ and found another blog post about hiking trails just an hour train ride away in a small town called Cercedilla. K, so I kiiind of lied. The hiking isn’t IN Madrid, obviously, but a ridiculously short train ride away. It was the best feeling leaving the chaotic train station and having the scenery transitioning into beautiful countryside. The quaint and small town of Cercedilla and the beautiful hiking was exactly what you need after some time living in the hustle and bustle of the big city. Remember to set aside a whle day dedicated to the hike, as when my friend and I did it, we were gone for a good 7 hours in total! Here is the link to the blog post I read, which explains how to get there and some more in-depth details about the hiking: http://spanishsabores.com/2012/08/19/hiking-in-madrid-cercedilla/

The best time for shopping and where to shop.
Shopping in Madrid is every girl’s absolute DREAM. Except my Mom, it’s probably her nightmare; massive crowds, long queues, and too many stores to choose from…but don’t feel overwhelmed yet! If you follow my tips, you’ll be just fine. There is every single store you could ever want, all within a 20-minute walk from each other. There are large chains such as Zara (which actually originated in Spain, and is cheapest here! #win), Mango, Foot Locker, El Cortes Ingles, etc., as well as many unique little shops that you won’t find anywhere else in the world.

